Add GCR cleaner docs (#4066)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/gcrcleaner/README.md

# GCR cleaner

## Overview

> This command finds and removes old GCR images created by jobs in the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command finds and removes old GCR images created by Jobs in the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project.
```

> There are three conditions used to find images for removal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two conditions used to find images for removal:
```
Where's the third one? Is this a typo?

- The repository name pattern is not on the ignored list.

> - The `creationTimestamp` value of the images, that is used to find addresses, exists at least for a preconfigured number of hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `creationTimestamp` value of the images, which is used to find addresses, exists at least for a preconfigured number of hours.
```
You can't use `that` in a non-defining clause (the one separated with commas). In such a context, you must use `which`. See [this for reference](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/relative-clauses-defining-and-non-defining).

GCR images that meet these conditions are subject to removal.

## Usage

For safety reasons, the dry-run mode is the default one.

> To run it, use:

Reviewer: Mind that this is rendered as one line. To render it as two actually separate lines, you must either add two spaces at the end of the first line, or add a newline between them.

```bash

> env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={path to service account file} go run main.go \
>     --repository={gcloud repository url}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={PATH_TO_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_FILE} go run main.go \
    --repository={GCLOUD_REPOSITORY_URL}
```
Please use capital letters for placeholders and separate the words with an underscore (`_`).

```

To turn the dry-run mode off, use:
```bash

> env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={path to service account file} go run main.go \
>     --repository={gcloud repository url} \
>     --dry-run=false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={PATH_TO_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_FILE} go run main.go \
    --repository={GCLOUD_REPOSITORY_URL} \
    --dry-run=false
```

```

> ## Flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Flags
```

> ## Flags

Reviewer: In some documents, `## Flags` are formatted as [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/tree/main/development/image-syncer#flags), but I didn't suggest it here, 'cause you also have the **Required** fields.

See the list of available flags:

| Name                      | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :------------------------ | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **--repository**          |   YES    | GCR repository name.
> | **--dry-run**             |    No    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. It defaults to `true`.
> | **--age-in-hours**         |    No    | The integer value for the number of hours. It only matches images older than `now()-ageInHours`. It defaults to `24`.
> | **--gcr-exclude-name-regex**       |    YES    | The string value with a valid Golang regexp. It is used to exclude matched repositories by their name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--repository**          |   Yes    | The GCR repository name.
| **--dry-run**             |    No    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. Defaults to `true`.
| **--age-in-hours**         |    No    | The integer value for the number of hours. Only matches images older than `now()-ageInHours`. Defaults to `24`.
| **--gcr-exclude-name-regex**       |    Yes    | The string value with a valid Go regexp. Used to exclude matched repositories by their name.
```

### Environment variables

See the list of available environment variables:

| Name                                  | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :------------------------------------ | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS**    |    YES   | The path to the service account file. The service account requires at least `browser` and `roles/storage.legacyBucketOwner` Google IAM roles. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS**    |    Yes   | The path to the service account file. The service account requires at least the `browser` and `roles/storage.legacyBucketOwner` Google IAM roles. |
```
